I was going on deshaun goes to safety
with the time bed but in there you have
my house welcome to beyond the after day
then ready for the ESPYs red carpet
tonight
come on there
myself wanted to aggressive huh
aggressive football player respond on
the field as a beast he's known as one
of the hardest hitters in the NFL
extremely aggressive and a little bit
scary always been that way just my
mentality I guess I'm a field football
sample I love it
and this is my fiancee Ashley she's a
wardrobe stylist she makes people look
handsome I guess I'm a celebrity
wardrobe stylist I've worked with
celebrities like Usher Keri Hilson
Justin Bieber well actually it makes my
life easier on the carpet she does a lot
of her time that she know what the
fashion trend is annette in on that
aspect oh he's on point there's a custom
shoe here with some common projects
solid grace couple accessories if he's
talking about you know far as watches
brightly limited edition
there's actually a good gochang my
daughter's name way and this is by
blacks I am a green boy and I'm on like
grim I think it brings it out to suit a
little more I mean I had another one I
was debating between but I think it just
pops a little better went too soon and
some diva glasses to top it off my style
to dressing on the carpet probably would
be make sure you comfortable own it make
sure everything is pretty much in order
and how you want to look all right we
just finish getting ready
we're on our way out now and hit this
red carpet down at the ESPYs stay tuned
this is just us - oh here oh I like nice
things
I was only right man I'll bring my own -
the carpet
I got my boy at my driver driving me for
a few years you know it's a good time
taking this here on his carpet making
second thought taking this down his
carpet that's be number three it was
good you know one on that carpet you
know just showcasing you know your style
I mean it feels good and you amongst a
lot of players just like a peatonal it
and not expressing yourself on the red
carpet in front of cameras and all that
it's not a cool thanks for joining me
today you've got to get ready to head to
this red carpet see you guys